This README file accompanies the 2008/10/21 version of the 'acmsiggraph'
LaTeX files, to be used to prepare documents for publication in the print
and/or electronic proceedings of events sponsored by ACM SIGGRAPH.

Files included in this package include:

  README          - this file

  acmsiggraph.bst - BibTeX style file
  acmsiggraph.cls - LaTeX class file

  template.tex    - sample source document
  template.bib    - sample BibTeX document
  sample.eps      - EPS file used in 'template.tex'

  template-review.pdf           - PDF of 'review' mode document
  template-final.pdf            - PDF of 'final' mode document, 
                                  prepared for sponsored event
				  that is not the annual conference.
  template-final-annualconf.pdf - PDF of 'final' mode document,
                                  prepared for annual conference.
  template-final-nocr.pdf       - PDF of 'final' mode document,
                                  prepared without space left for
				  the ACM copyright information.

Four versions of the template document are distributed with this package
to illustrate the commonly-used variants. Of special note is the 
'template-final-nocr.pdf' which does not leave any space for the ACM
copyright information, added during production. This example is not to be
used as guidance for technical papers accepted to a sponsored event or 
annual conference, but can be used as an example of a poster, talk, or
other content accepted at a sponsored event.

If you are using these materials to prepare your technical paper, pay close
attention to the 'annualconference' keyword in the '\documentstyle' line at 
the top of your source file; its presence or absence determines the amount
of space left clear for the ACM copyright notice on the first page of your 
paper. More explanation of this is available in the 'template.tex' file.

Questions, comments, and suggestions should be sent to Stephen Spencer at
'spencer@cs.washington.edu' to be considered for inclusion in a future 
version of this package.
